Update batch-cohort.md (#222)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/batch-cohort.md

- You must enable this integration in each Amplitude project you want to use it in.
- This integration requires a paid Batch plan.
- The integration requires both custom audiences and third-party connections in Batch.
- Batch expects an identifier that matches the Batch Custom User ID or the Installation ID field. This means the `user_id` or user property you select in Amplitude must contain the same identifier as the one tracked in Batch in one of these fields.

## Setup

> Two types of cohort destinations can be setup for Batch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Batch supports two types of cohort destination:
```

> - Use the **Batch (Profile)** destination if you want your cohorts to be synced with your Batch Omnichannel project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the **Batch (Profile)** destination to sync your cohorts with your Batch Omnichannel project.
```

> - Use the **Batch** destination if you want your cohorts to be synced with a specific mobile app or website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the **Batch** destination to sync your cohorts with a specific mobile app or website.
```
